README.md, before:

# MultiPurpose Bot

What does it do? Check out the [command list][commands] compiled by yours truly :)

You can feel free to host the bot, but I've got a [free of charge self-hosted version here][invite] for you!

Remember, if you're hosting the bot yourself, you'll need to make sure you have all the modules imported in [bot.py][bot].

> Extra notice: You'll need to enable the "Server Members" Intent on your bot's application screen if you want the "getuser" command to work for users other than yourself.

---

You don't have to give credit to me. That's not what Github is for (in my opinion).

<a href="https://mi460.dev/github"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MCMi460&amp;message=Github&amp;color=c331d4"></a>

[invite]: https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=757017550352547921&permissions=8&scope=bot
[bot]: https://github.com/MCMi460/multipurposebot/blob/master/bot.py
[commands]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCMi460/multipurposebot/master/commandlist.txt

Commit message:

Added requirements, links [...]
Added links to modules required to import for the bot to properly run without reasonable error, added requirements so no one in the future might email me with a frowny-face emoticon, included discord banner in the bottom section in case anyone needs it, included minor disclaimer, added support link, minor reformatting, misc. changes.

README.md, after:

# MultiPurpose Bot

What does it do? Check out the [command list][commands] compiled by yours truly :)

You can feel free to host the bot, but I've got a [free of charge self-hosted version here][invite]\* for you!

> Notice: You'll need to enable the "Server Members" Intent on your bot's application screen if you want the "getuser" command to work for users other than yourself.

\*Not all features available can be used in the public version

---
## Requirements:

-[Python 3.9.0][python]
<br>-[discord.py][discordpy]
<br>-[Requests][requests]

*(All requirements used visible in [bot.py][bot])*

---
If you have any issues, [contact me here][support].

You don't have to give credit to me. That's not what Github is for (in my opinion).

<a href="https://mi460.dev/github"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MCMi460&amp;message=Github&amp;color=c331d4"></a>
<a href="https://mi460.dev/discord"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/699728181841887363/embed.png"></a>

[python]: https://www.python.org/downloads/
[requests]: https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/user/install/#python-m-pip-install-requests
[discordpy]: https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/blob/master/README.rst
[invite]: https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=757017550352547921&permissions=8&scope=bot
[bot]: https://github.com/MCMi460/multipurposebot/blob/master/bot.py
[commands]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MCMi460/multipurposebot/master/commandlist.txt
[support]: https://mi460.dev/bugs
